Added Set Object Security and GPO to Policy Rules (#9654)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/windows-security-configuration-framework/security-compliance-toolkit-10.md

It can export local policy to a GPO backup. 
It can export the contents of a Registry Policy file to the “LGPO text” format that can then be edited, and can build a Registry Policy file from an LGPO text file.

Documentation for the LGPO tool can be found on the [Microsoft Security Guidance blog](/archive/blogs/secguide/lgpo-exe-local-group-policy-object-utility-v1-0) or by [downloading the tool](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=55319).

## What is the Set Object Security tool?

> SetObjectSecurity.exe enables you to set the security descriptor for just about any type of Windows securable object (files, directories, registry keys, event logs, services, SMB shares, etc.). For file system and registry objects, you can choose whether to apply inheritance rules. You can also choose to output the security descriptor in a .reg-file-compatible representation of the security descriptor for a REG_BINARY registry value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SetObjectSecurity.exe enables you to set the security descriptor for just about any type of Windows securable object, such as files, directories, registry keys, event logs, services, and SMB shares. For file system and registry objects, you can choose whether to apply inheritance rules. You can also choose to output the security descriptor in a .reg-file-compatible representation of the security descriptor for a REG_BINARY registry value.
```
